+++
author = "AHZ Associates"
date = 2021-11-15T18:00:00Z
description = ""
image = "/images/close-1.JPG"
image_webp = "/images/strong-growth-in-uks-international-student-enrolment.jpg"
title = "Top 10 Affordable University in the UK for International Students"

+++
Studying in a different country can be a lifetime experience for international students. However, it can cost you a good number of pennies and time. Additionally, the tuition fee for foreign is quite high compared to the British and EU students. Fortunately, there’s a lot of [universities in the UK](https://ahzassociates.co.uk/latest-uk-university-ranking/) whose tuition fee are highly affordable for international students. Although the tuition fee of these institutions is low, they are highly popular and well recognized. The Affordable universities for international students in the UK are:

 1. **Anglia Ruskin University:** The University was established as an Art School in the year of 1858. The art school became [Anglia Ruskin University](https://ahzassociates.co.uk/uk/university/anglia-ruskin-university/) at the heart of the UK’s modern-day campus in Cambridge. International students need to pay £13900- £16700 depending on course and degree. The university offers MBA scholarships both for its local and foreign students. The amount of the scholarship is £4000. The students can also achieve International Excellent Scholarship, a large number of merit scholarships along with the above one.
 2. **Aston University, Birmingham:** Aston University is a reputed university in the UK for public research. Established in 1966, the university campus is situated in the center of Birmingham on a lush, 60-acre, self-contained site. The University of Aston is a globally recognized hub for education and research activities. The international tuition fee range is £13,900-19,950. However, the university is committed to helping the most creative and hard-working students by offering a variety of scholarships to help minimize tuition and living costs to achieve their potential.
 3. **Bangor University:** Bangor University was established in 1884 in Bangor city. The city is situated in North West of London. More than 2,500 students who come from over 100 foreign countries are studying at this university. Also, the university is highly popular for its Engineering, Science, and Business schools. The tuition fee for international students is £12500- £15000 depending on the course and the level of degree. The institution provides several scholarships for international students with the Bangor International Scholarship which is one of their most popular ones.
 4. **Birmingham City University:** Birmingham City University was founded in 1843, but achieved university status in 1992. The university is known for its art and design, health, and media and communication department. The objective of this university is to provide students with opportunities to succeed in the future. The international learners need to pay approximately £12000- £15500 depending on their level and duration of the degree. However, the university offers various scholarships for both local and foreign students.
 5. **BPP University:** The university is a private institution which was known as BPP College of Professional Studies. The university also offers multiple scholarships for its brilliant brains. Also, the faculty members of this university are a mixture of industry practitioners and experienced academics.
 6. **Brunel University London:** Brunel University is a public research university situated in London. The university has achieved 121st ranked according to the Times Higher Education (THE). The institution is organized into three colleges and three major research institutes. The university is also known for producing skilled international graduates, equipped with practical understanding in their professional fields. At the same time, the students are benefited from internationally recognized research, delivered by experts, with the essential understanding of practical workplace requirements.
 7. **Cardiff Metropolitan University:** This is a public university established in 1865. According to the Complete University Guide, Cardiff Met is ranked among the best modern universities in the UK. The international students can expect to pay £12000- £13500 depending on their course and the duration of their degree. The university offers various scholarships for excellent academics and students of this institution.
 8. **Coventry University:** The university started back in the year 1843 with the name of Coventry College of Design. Coventry University provides globally recognized education and concentration on applied research. The university has been ranked at the 15th position in the UK according to the Guardian University Guide 2020. International scholars have to pay around £13250- £17200. The university provides a wide range of scholarships to eligible candidates.
 9. **De Montfort University:** De Montfort University is popularly known as DMU is a public university situated in Leicester, England. The university is proud to be ranked Gold in the Teaching Excellent Framework (TEF), 2017. Here, the international students will receive a wide range of professional work experience through DMU works and international exposure through DMU global. International students need to pay £12250- £17280 on the basis of their course and duration of their degree. However, the institution offers numerous scholarships for international students. Such as DMU International Scholarship (£1500), Global MBA International Fund, International Postgraduate Taught Merit Scholarship, etc.
10. **London South Bank University:** London South Bank University (LSBU) is one of the largest educational institutions in London. The university has established in 1892 and earned full university status in 1992. LSBU provides a first-class infrastructure and offers excellent academic, recreational, and residential facilities. International students can expect to pay £13125- £14800. However, London South Bank University has committed more than £1 million to its international scholarship scheme.

In the end, studying abroad is a life-changing but confusing process. Moreover, at the end of your study you’ll be a much better person with some wonderful memories.